{
  "data": {
    "id": 677568,
    "group_id": 9970,
    "author_id": 3617348,
    "assignee_id": null,
    "iid": 9450,
    "updated_by_id": 5041243,
    "last_edited_by_id": 5041243,
    "lock_version": 19,
    "start_date": "2021-02-18",
    "end_date": "2023-07-17",
    "last_edited_at": "2023-09-14 16:47:07 UTC",
    "created_at": "2022-12-09 17:44:04 UTC",
    "updated_at": "2023-09-14 16:47:07 UTC",
    "title": "ðŸŒŸ Plan Work Items - UX Vision and Validation",
    "description": "This epic holds work related to defining what the UX is like for planning objects leveraging work items architecture.\n\nThis includes\n\n- overall vision of the IA, navigation and structure of planning objects\n- detail pages for Issues, Tasks, Requirements and Epics\n- some iteration on Tasks\n\n### Tracking our work and where to find designs\n\nThis table tracks work that's ready for design work - we are confident we need this page, pattern, feature, etc, and we know some things about how people want to use them.\n\n| Name & Issue Link | UX Status | DRI |\n|-------------------|-----------|-----|\n| https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/411841+ | In progress | ~\"group::project management\" |\n| [Viewing items in context: drawer, modal, etc](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/409886) | 15.6 | ~\"group::product planning\"  |\n| https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/414535+ | In Progress | ~\"group::product planning\" |\n| https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/414539+ | In Progress | ~\"group::product planning\" |\n| [Interaction patterns of editing/adding issue attributes](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/368944 \"Work item widget patterns\") | In Progress | ~\"group::project management\" |\n| https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/387214+ | In Progress | ~\"group::project management\" |\n| Overall IA for Epics, Issues, Tasks: https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/410068+ | This is currently on hold pending work on Problems with hierarchy, access and permission ... ( gitlab#414964 - closed) |  |\n| UX for Issues in Groups |  |  |\n| List Views for Planning Objects (Epics, Issues, Tasks) |  |  |\n| Saved Views and/or Collections |  |  |\n| Board Views |  |  |\n| Roadmap Views |  |  |",
    "start_date_sourcing_milestone_id": null,
    "due_date_sourcing_milestone_id": null,
    "start_date_fixed": null,
    "due_date_fixed": "2023-07-17",
    "start_date_is_fixed": null,
    "due_date_is_fixed": true,
    "closed_by_id": null,
    "closed_at": null,
    "parent_id": 273703,
    "relative_position": -44245,
    "state_id": 1,
    "start_date_sourcing_epic_id": 302607,
    "due_date_sourcing_epic_id": 302006,
    "external_key": null,
    "confidential": false,
    "color": "#1068bf",
    "total_opened_issue_weight": 12,
    "total_closed_issue_weight": 88,
    "total_opened_issue_count": 39,
    "total_closed_issue_count": 81
  },
  "author": {
    "id": 3617348,
    "username": "uhlexsis",
    "name": "Alexis Ginsberg"
  },
  "labels": [
    {
      "id": 2024184,
      "title": "UX",
      "color": "#D10069",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2017-05-17 17:55:03 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2022-05-31 23:10:02 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "Issues or MRs that introduce user-facing changes or impact the user experience. Applying this label to issues will signal a need for a designer.",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    },
    {
      "id": 3103451,
      "title": "devops::plan",
      "color": "#E44D2A",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2017-12-01 19:00:23 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2022-05-11 06:40:37 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "Issues for the Plan stage of the DevOps lifecycle (e.g. Project Management, Agile Portfolio Management, Requirements Management)",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    }
  ],
  "start_date_sourcing_milestone": null,
  "due_date_sourcing_milestone": null,
  "notes": [
    {
      "note": "@jackib, thanks for helping us get organized. I'm supportive of whatever approach you want to take here. The second table feels like future work once everything has been migrated to the work items architecture. Maybe we could split that out and track it somewhere else?",
      "noteable_type": "Epic",
      "author_id": 4303289,
      "created_at": "2023-06-12 14:44:53 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2023-06-12 14:44:53 UTC",
      "project_id": null,
      "attachment": null,
      "line_code": null,
      "commit_id": null,
      "noteable_id": 677568,
      "st_diff": null,
      "system": false,
      "updated_by_id": null,
      "type": "DiscussionNote",
      "position": null,
      "original_position": null,
      "resolved_at": null,
      "resolved_by_id": null,
      "discussion_id": "1cbff05eb2a30264965193162e08a1db86a82299",
      "change_position": null,
      "resolved_by_push": null,
      "review_id": null,
      "confidential": false,
      "last_edited_at": null,
      "internal": false,
      "id": 1427315167,
      "namespace_id": null
    },
    {
      "note": "@mushakov @gweaver @amandarueda @nickbrandt @esybrant \n\nI'm working on updating this [epic](https://gitlab.com/groups/gitlab-org/-/epics/9450) so that it reflects our work coming out of the OKR. The tracking table in the description is a bit of overhead/project management, so let me know whether or not this kind of thing is helpful. If it is helpful, then please comment with anything else you want to add.",
      "noteable_type": "Epic",
      "author_id": 4089849,
      "created_at": "2023-06-09 20:46:31 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2023-06-12 14:44:53 UTC",
      "project_id": null,
      "attachment": null,
      "line_code": null,
      "commit_id": null,
      "noteable_id": 677568,
      "st_diff": null,
      "system": false,
      "updated_by_id": null,
      "type": "DiscussionNote",
      "position": null,
      "original_position": null,
      "resolved_at": null,
      "resolved_by_id": null,
      "discussion_id": "1cbff05eb2a30264965193162e08a1db86a82299",
      "change_position": null,
      "resolved_by_push": null,
      "review_id": null,
      "confidential": null,
      "last_edited_at": null,
      "internal": false,
      "id": 1425750498,
      "namespace_id": null
    },
    {
      "note": "@gweaver Good idea, I'll pull it out of this epic and into a \"future considerations\" issue where we can add ideas we're not ready to break into issues yet.",
      "noteable_type": "Epic",
      "author_id": 4089849,
      "created_at": "2023-06-12 17:36:19 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2023-06-12 18:58:19 UTC",
      "project_id": null,
      "attachment": null,
      "line_code": null,
      "commit_id": null,
      "noteable_id": 677568,
      "st_diff": null,
      "system": false,
      "updated_by_id": null,
      "type": "DiscussionNote",
      "position": null,
      "original_position": null,
      "resolved_at": null,
      "resolved_by_id": null,
      "discussion_id": "1cbff05eb2a30264965193162e08a1db86a82299",
      "change_position": null,
      "resolved_by_push": null,
      "review_id": null,
      "confidential": false,
      "last_edited_at": null,
      "internal": false,
      "id": 1427522007,
      "namespace_id": null
    }
  ],
  "note_authors": [
    {
      "id": 4303289,
      "username": "gweaver",
      "name": "Gabe Weaver"
    },
    {
      "id": 4089849,
      "username": "jackib",
      "name": "Jacki Bauer"
    },
    {
      "id": 4089849,
      "username": "jackib",
      "name": "Jacki Bauer"
    }
  ],
  "namespace_hierarchy": [
    {
      "id": 9970,
      "name": "GitLab.org",
      "path": "gitlab-org",
      "type": "Group"
    }
  ]
}
