{
  "data": {
    "id": 113414743,
    "title": "Problem Validation: Report Source Lines of Code (SLoC) per Developer or per Repo/Group",
    "author_id": 10822493,
    "project_id": 278964,
    "created_at": "2022-08-17 16:09:48 UTC",
    "updated_at": "2023-10-24 13:56:16 UTC",
    "description": "# Recommendation as a result of the research\n- Do NOT implement Lines of Code Contributed _per Developer_. There has a potential negative impact.\n  - For details refer to the opportunity canvas or details section below.  \n- Analytics for Lines of Code _per directory, repo, or group_. \n  - While there are strong hints in this research that suggest this could be of value to users. It seems mostly a nice-to-have feature.\n     - For details refer to the opportunity canvas or details section below.  \n  - The [tentative effort estimation to implement SLoC count on the repo level](https://gitlab.com/groups/gitlab-org/-/epics/9692#tentative-effort-estimation-base-on-first-technical-approach-above) suggests the amount of work is roughly 1.5 dev months. To then offer this on the group level is probably also not expensive. The effort to implement this on the directory level needs to be investigated. \n\n\n\n### Links\nThe full [Opportunity Canvas \"Contribution Metrics based on Lines of Code (SLoC) Contributed per Developer\"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lV4GB1tE9e52sotyHj61CAjTXwowCq1IyXBUS5P8xS8/edit?usp=sharing). Internal only. \n\nThe full [Opportunity Canvas \"Expose Lines of Code (SLoC) per Language in Repository Analytics to improve understanding of repo\"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wQ8-WbcE5HmYiwWhZFwASWCqAOp-CcUEeeSIJO1ox3M/edit#). Internal only. \n\nThe full [research on Source Lines of Code Q3F23](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xm1eVhwHIMEHA851jIqfhQEHRgAA7PFJ4i2LNdkolp0/edit?usp=sharing). Internal only. \n\n\n# Details: What we learned researching this space\n\n<div>\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Assumption</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">What we thought</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">What we learned</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">What we think now</span>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">{What we assumed}</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">{What we thought this meant for the solution to this problem}</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">{What we learned when we tested this assumption}</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">{How these learnings relate to our approach/solution}</span>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">We assumed that following three issues are about related/partly identical needs and are highly important due to their popularity:</span>\n\n[<span dir=\"\">Report number of lines per language in repository charts</span>](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/17800)<span dir=\"\"> 568 upvotes; 18 individual commenters + 15 customer asks; also third highest </span>[<span dir=\"\">priority score</span>](https://app.periscopedata.com/app/gitlab:safe-intermediate-dashboard/970771/User-Request-Issue-Prioritization---Product)<span dir=\"\"> for user requested issues in SCM.</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\"> </span>\n\n[<span dir=\"\">New contributors graph (lines of code)</span>](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/14875)<span dir=\"\"> 161 upvotes; 25 individual commenters; no customer asks</span>\n\n[<span dir=\"\">Visualize Language Trends over Time</span>](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/12104)<span dir=\"\"> 11 upvotes; 5 customer asks </span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Due to the high popularity, we thought the community agrees that GitLab should implement ‘LoC’ and that it would be clear what to implement. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">The popularity (both among users and among paying customers) was the reason to pick this topic up. </span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n[<span dir=\"\">Reviewing all comments and customer asks on all issues I learned</span>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xm1eVhwHIMEHA851jIqfhQEHRgAA7PFJ4i2LNdkolp0/edit#slide=id.g191e02223c5_0_2)<span dir=\"\">:</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">There are **many dimensions** for which SLoC are requested: per **instance**, per **group**, per **project**, per **user**</span>\n\n**<span dir=\"\">Paying customers</span>**<span dir=\"\"> care more about the **group level**, i.e. counting SLoC across all their repos</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">In some cases, it seems unclear if there is a need for reporting SLoC **per language** or **just SLoC**</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">There is **little** **detail** to **why** this is helpful nor **how** **often** such metrics would be consulted</span>\n\n[<span dir=\"\">Additional insights from other sources</span>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xm1eVhwHIMEHA851jIqfhQEHRgAA7PFJ4i2LNdkolp0/edit#slide=id.g17f2129743e_1_0)<span dir=\"\">:</span>\n\n**<span dir=\"\">Some customers do NOT want to see data about individuals</span>**<span dir=\"\"> as their workscouncil would object that and would turn off such a feature.  </span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">It seems that there are two fundamental use cases: </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">a) report LoC per user (i.e per each contributor to a project)</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">b) report LoC per ‘location’ (i.e. per repo, per group or per instance)</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">It is not very clear how important the topic is to the users/customers. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">- Conclusion: we should run a survey to assess importance.</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">It is not clear what they are trying to achieve. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">- Conclusion: run interviews to understand the why.</span>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">The ask is highly popular AND GitHub has offered this for a long time. It should therefore be a good thing to implement ‘LoC’.</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">I thought GH addresses all asks vocalized in our issues.</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Assessing </span>[**<span dir=\"\">GitHub</span>**<span dir=\"\">’s offering</span>](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/371465#competition)<span dir=\"\"> I found:</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">GH does **NOT** show **LoC per repo**. (GL also doesn’t.)</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">GH shows **languages per repo**</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">- in **percent** in the UI (just like GL)</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">- in **bytes** in the API (unlike GL which also provides percent)</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">GH also offers the above for the **org-level**, i.e. is across all repos. (GL doesn’t.)</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">GH shows </span>[**<span dir=\"\">LoC</span>**<span dir=\"\"> (added/removed) </span>**<span dir=\"\">per contributor</span>**](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/graphs/contributors?from=2010-03-21&to=2022-11-22&type=a)<span dir=\"\"> (but **NOT language**).</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">A </span>[<span dir=\"\">popular tool lets users post their </span>**<span dir=\"\">personal stats</span>**](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)<span dir=\"\"> on their </span>[<span dir=\"\">profile page</span>](https://github.com/mrdoob)<span dir=\"\">.</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">GitHub also does not offer everything that users seem to be asking on our issues.</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">A reason may be that when they implemented this there was no handy library to report SLoC per language per repo/org.</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">GH seems to be considering </span>[<span dir=\"\">extensive visualizations of source code</span>](https://githubnext.com/projects/repo-visualization)<span dir=\"\">. The feedback on twitter is positive. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">If we were to offer _LoC per user_, this would be a me-too feature. The </span>[<span dir=\"\">comments</span>](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/17800#note_293348432)<span dir=\"\"> on the issue suggest that the need is largely driven by the fact that GitHub has had this for a long time and developers consider it as something a source code management platform would normally have.</span>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">We should survey a broad spectrum of users as the issues suggested that commenters also came from different backgrounds but still all seemed to care about the topic ‘LoC’. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">We asked a total of </span>[<span dir=\"\">118 users: 64 sw dev; 15 dev team leads; 10 DevOps; etc.</span>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xm1eVhwHIMEHA851jIqfhQEHRgAA7PFJ4i2LNdkolp0/edit#slide=id.g139bca1b89a_0_1059)\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">We thought ‘LoC’ would be highly popular, given that the issues are so popular.</span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n[<span dir=\"\">The </span>**<span dir=\"\">survey</span>**<span dir=\"\"> showed</span>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xm1eVhwHIMEHA851jIqfhQEHRgAA7PFJ4i2LNdkolp0/edit#slide=id.g18dae5a6a9c_0_0)<span dir=\"\">:</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Compared to users of other tools, users of GitLab seem to care less about seeing the number of lines contributed </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">GitLab users also care less about the breakdown of languages within a project compared to their peers</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">In most cases, those newer to their role thought the features were more important</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\"> </span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">The survey suggests, ‘LoC’ seems to be of medium importance (or medium un-importance) for Source Code management. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">We will need to run interviews to understand more. </span>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">The survey suggested that there do not seem to be significant differences in the views of managers vs. individual contributors. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Therefore, we interviewed software developers and also asked them about their manager's perspective. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">8 interviews (7 sw devs, 1 of which is also DevOps engineer / evangelist; 1 prj. mngr (former sw dev)) </span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">We would learn in the interviews what the value of ‘LoC’ would be. </span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">In the </span>[**<span dir=\"\">interviews</span>**<span dir=\"\"> we learned</span>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xm1eVhwHIMEHA851jIqfhQEHRgAA7PFJ4i2LNdkolp0/edit#slide=id.g17117578ef8_2_21)<span dir=\"\">:</span>\n\n**<span dir=\"\">SLoC</span>**<span dir=\"\"> **_per user_** is **NOT** seen as a **good measure for contribution**.</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Some have had **negative experiences** with **metrics to assess performance** (incl. SLoC)</span>\n\n**<span dir=\"\">SLoC _per directory_</span>**<span dir=\"\"> would be **valuable**. Interviewees see this mostly as **nice to have** though.</span>\n\n**<span dir=\"\">Comparing</span>**<span dir=\"\"> growth of SLoC in **_different directories_** that serve different purposes (application vs. test) is **more interesting than** **comparing growth** in SLoC **_per languages_**.</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Potentially interesting sub-feature: Using SLoC to **filter by language**: commit lists or repo lists. </span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">One use case seems to be around SLoC _per user:_</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">_I want an easy way to know who has contributed how many LoC to a project_</span> \n\n<span dir=\"\">_so that I can compare their contributions_</span> \n\n<span dir=\"\">_a) to feel proud of my own work or_</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">_b) to track my team members work_</span>\n\n**<span dir=\"\">We should NOT implement this use case: SLoC _per user_</span>**<span dir=\"\"> as it is NOT a good metric. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">It might be a nice graph to look at for some, but it will have **negative consequences for a few** as their performance would be evaluated based on their contributed SLoC. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Do literature research to find further evidence of this outcome. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Consider a blog post that reflects our decision. A good timing would be at the same time when we potentially release something else related to SLoC (see below).</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">-> Take this result and create an **opportunity canvas on SLoC _per user _**as a contribution metric **with the recommendation NOT to do it**.</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">—--</span>\n\n**<span dir=\"\">SLoC _per directory_ or _per language per repo_</span>**<span dir=\"\"> seems to be valuable to help users get a quick understanding of a repo or the health of different modules. The use case seems to be:</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">_For a given repo or a module (i.e. directory) , that I see for the first time, I want to know lines of code per language,_</span> \n\n<span dir=\"\">_a) so that I can get a quick sense if it will be easy for me to contribute to it given my skill set_</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">_b) so that I can understand if the module is bloated_</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">This addresses the needs of individual contributors so it would be part of the **free tier**.</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">-> Understand the effort to implement this.</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">—---</span>\n\n**<span dir=\"\">SLoC _per group_</span>**<span dir=\"\"> was not assessed in this series of interviews with developers as this is likely more relevant for administrators, CIO’s, directors, etc. </span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">-> reach out to 2 or 3 customers that requested this in one of the original issues to understand what they are trying to achieve and to understand how this could be tiered. </span>\n</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n<td>\n\n<span dir=\"\">The </span>[**<span dir=\"\">literature research</span>**](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/371465#literature)<span dir=\"\"> showed:</span>\n\n<span dir=\"\">Literature supports the interviewee’s perspective that SLoC is NOT a good metric for measuring contribution. </span>\n</td>\n<td>\n\n</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n</div>\n\n\n\n## Definition of Done\n\n- [x] The problem is well understood by the PM to have an understanding summarized in a RICE score (see [Opportunity Canvas \"Contribution Metrics based on Lines of Code (SLoC) Contributed per Developer\"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lV4GB1tE9e52sotyHj61CAjTXwowCq1IyXBUS5P8xS8/edit?usp=sharing)). \n- [x] The problem is well understood by the PM to decide if they want to move forward with this idea or drop it. \n  - Recommendation is not to go ahead with Lines of Code _per developer_\n  - Recommendation is to do follow-up research on Lines of Code _per directory, per repo, and per group_\n- [x] N/A: The problem is well described and detailed with necessary requirements for product design to understand the problem\n- [x] N/A: The problem is well described and detailed with necessary requirements for engineering to understand the problem\n\n## Research Issue\n\n_This page may contain information related to upcoming products, features and functionality. It is important to note that the information presented is for informational purposes only, so please do not rely on the information for purchasing or planning purposes. Just like with all projects, the items mentioned on the page are subject to change or delay, and the development, release, and timing of any products, features, or functionality remain at the sole discretion of GitLab Inc._\n<!-- triage-serverless v3 PLEASE DO NOT REMOVE THIS SECTION -->\n*This page may contain information related to upcoming products, features and functionality.\nIt is important to note that the information presented is for informational purposes only, so please do not rely on the information for purchasing or planning purposes.\nJust like with all projects, the items mentioned on the page are subject to change or delay, and the development, release, and timing of any products, features, or functionality remain at the sole discretion of GitLab Inc.*\n<!-- triage-serverless v3 PLEASE DO NOT REMOVE THIS SECTION -->",
    "milestone_id": 490705,
    "iid": 371038,
    "updated_by_id": 10822493,
    "weight": null,
    "confidential": false,
    "moved_to_id": null,
    "due_date": null,
    "lock_version": 24,
    "time_estimate": 0,
    "relative_position": -166060152,
    "service_desk_reply_to": null,
    "last_edited_at": "2023-01-19 14:12:21 UTC",
    "last_edited_by_id": 10822493,
    "discussion_locked": null,
    "closed_at": "2023-07-17 13:55:28 UTC",
    "closed_by_id": 10822493,
    "state_id": 2,
    "duplicated_to_id": null,
    "promoted_to_epic_id": null,
    "health_status": null,
    "external_key": null,
    "sprint_id": null,
    "blocking_issues_count": 0,
    "upvotes_count": 0,
    "work_item_type_id": 1,
    "namespace_id": 15846663,
    "start_date": null
  },
  "author": {
    "id": 10822493,
    "username": "tlinz",
    "name": "Torsten Linz"
  },
  "labels": [
    {
      "id": 11469047,
      "title": "Category:Source Code Management",
      "color": "#428BCA",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2019-07-25 19:15:39 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2019-08-27 17:08:57 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "Category vision in Create stage: https://gitlab.com/groups/gitlab-org/-/epics/687",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    },
    {
      "id": 2677574,
      "title": "auto updated",
      "color": "#FFECDB",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2017-09-19 02:09:18 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2019-05-02 11:05:59 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "Issues that have been updated in accordance with our issue triage policies (https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-ce/blob/master/doc/development/contributing/issue_workflow.md)",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    },
    {
      "id": 3103452,
      "title": "devops::create",
      "color": "#E44D2A",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2017-12-01 19:01:03 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2022-07-04 07:09:55 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "Issues for the Create stage of the DevOps lifecycle (e.g. Source Code Management, Design Management, Web IDE, Code Review, Gitter)",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    },
    {
      "id": 2771176,
      "title": "direction",
      "color": "#ad8d43",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2017-10-04 13:38:26 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2017-10-04 13:38:26 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "Issues for important features that are on our roadmap: https://about.gitlab.com/direction/",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    },
    {
      "id": 10309854,
      "title": "group::source code",
      "color": "#A8D695",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2019-04-17 13:57:02 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2019-05-23 09:26:35 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "Issues belonging to the Source Code group of the Create stage of the DevOps lifecycle. See https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/product/categories/#source-code-group",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    },
    {
      "id": 14918378,
      "title": "section::dev",
      "color": "#F0AD4E",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2020-05-11 22:11:57 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2020-05-11 22:11:57 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "Issues related to the Dev section",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    },
    {
      "id": 26375975,
      "title": "type::ignore",
      "color": "#808080",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2022-08-09 18:12:49 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2022-08-09 19:21:21 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "When using this type, the issue will be excluded from cross functional planning metrics. This is used for meta, planning, issues.",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    },
    {
      "id": 11111311,
      "title": "workflow::problem validation",
      "color": "#428BCA",
      "project_id": null,
      "created_at": "2019-06-26 11:39:07 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2020-08-21 15:43:10 UTC",
      "template": false,
      "description": "Workflow label for validating if the problem is customer relevant. https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/product-development-flow/#workflow-summary",
      "type": "GroupLabel",
      "group_id": 9970,
      "lock_on_merge": false
    }
  ],
  "epic_id": 584663,
  "milestone": {
    "id": 490705,
    "title": "Backlog",
    "project_id": null,
    "description": "Issues that we want to do but are not planned right now. Open for contribution from the community.",
    "due_date": null,
    "created_at": "2018-03-22 13:09:23 UTC",
    "updated_at": "2018-10-30 14:56:54 UTC",
    "state": "active",
    "iid": 14,
    "start_date": null,
    "group_id": 9970,
    "lock_version": 0
  },
  "iteration": null,
  "iterations_cadence": null,
  "notes": [
    {
      "note": "Hi @leducmills, \n\nI started this issue for our problem validation. I made it confidential to not influence our survey as the survey takers may be up-voters on the epic this is linked to. Whether this makes sense to ask the very same people in the survey remains to be discussed - you are the expert. The goal however is to make it non-confidential as soon as we have done the survey. \n\nI will add further context in the coming days and then reach out to you.",
      "noteable_type": "Issue",
      "author_id": 10822493,
      "created_at": "2022-08-17 16:15:59 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2022-08-17 16:16:14 UTC",
      "project_id": 278964,
      "attachment": null,
      "line_code": null,
      "commit_id": null,
      "noteable_id": 113414743,
      "st_diff": null,
      "system": false,
      "updated_by_id": null,
      "type": "DiscussionNote",
      "position": null,
      "original_position": null,
      "resolved_at": null,
      "resolved_by_id": null,
      "discussion_id": "43ad8176d0157577ab804ee9e97aa21c66222620",
      "change_position": null,
      "resolved_by_push": null,
      "review_id": null,
      "confidential": false,
      "last_edited_at": null,
      "internal": false,
      "id": 1067889592,
      "namespace_id": null
    },
    {
      "note": "cc: @mle",
      "noteable_type": "Issue",
      "author_id": 10822493,
      "created_at": "2022-08-17 16:16:14 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2022-08-17 16:16:14 UTC",
      "project_id": 278964,
      "attachment": null,
      "line_code": null,
      "commit_id": null,
      "noteable_id": 113414743,
      "st_diff": null,
      "system": false,
      "updated_by_id": null,
      "type": "DiscussionNote",
      "position": null,
      "original_position": null,
      "resolved_at": null,
      "resolved_by_id": null,
      "discussion_id": "43ad8176d0157577ab804ee9e97aa21c66222620",
      "change_position": null,
      "resolved_by_push": null,
      "review_id": null,
      "confidential": false,
      "last_edited_at": null,
      "internal": false,
      "id": 1067889892,
      "namespace_id": null
    },
    {
      "note": "Hi @leducmills, have you been able to send out the survey?",
      "noteable_type": "Issue",
      "author_id": 10822493,
      "created_at": "2022-09-08 10:32:35 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-08 10:32:35 UTC",
      "project_id": 278964,
      "attachment": null,
      "line_code": null,
      "commit_id": null,
      "noteable_id": 113414743,
      "st_diff": null,
      "system": false,
      "updated_by_id": null,
      "type": "DiscussionNote",
      "position": null,
      "original_position": null,
      "resolved_at": null,
      "resolved_by_id": null,
      "discussion_id": "43ad8176d0157577ab804ee9e97aa21c66222620",
      "change_position": null,
      "resolved_by_push": null,
      "review_id": null,
      "confidential": false,
      "last_edited_at": null,
      "internal": false,
      "id": 1092650147,
      "namespace_id": null
    },
    {
      "note": "Hi @tlinz - we are currently recruiting for the survey to ensure we have enough qualified participants, and will begin inviting them to take the survey later today. Should start seeing responses in the next few days.",
      "noteable_type": "Issue",
      "author_id": 10060155,
      "created_at": "2022-09-08 14:59:30 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-09 10:48:46 UTC",
      "project_id": 278964,
      "attachment": null,
      "line_code": null,
      "commit_id": null,
      "noteable_id": 113414743,
      "st_diff": null,
      "system": false,
      "updated_by_id": null,
      "type": "DiscussionNote",
      "position": null,
      "original_position": null,
      "resolved_at": null,
      "resolved_by_id": null,
      "discussion_id": "43ad8176d0157577ab804ee9e97aa21c66222620",
      "change_position": null,
      "resolved_by_push": null,
      "review_id": null,
      "confidential": false,
      "last_edited_at": null,
      "internal": false,
      "id": 1093134713,
      "namespace_id": null
    },
    {
      "note": "I am closing this issue as the validation is done. \n\ncc: @mle / @leducmills",
      "noteable_type": "Issue",
      "author_id": 10822493,
      "created_at": "2023-07-17 13:55:23 UTC",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-17 13:55:23 UTC",
      "project_id": 278964,
      "attachment": null,
      "line_code": null,
      "commit_id": null,
      "noteable_id": 113414743,
      "st_diff": null,
      "system": false,
      "updated_by_id": null,
      "type": null,
      "position": null,
      "original_position": null,
      "resolved_at": null,
      "resolved_by_id": null,
      "discussion_id": "27977437404f1055ab3f1f3bdab3ac76026c88f7",
      "change_position": null,
      "resolved_by_push": null,
      "review_id": null,
      "confidential": null,
      "last_edited_at": null,
      "internal": false,
      "id": 1472325391,
      "namespace_id": null
    }
  ],
  "note_authors": [
    {
      "id": 10822493,
      "username": "tlinz",
      "name": "Torsten Linz"
    },
    {
      "id": 10822493,
      "username": "tlinz",
      "name": "Torsten Linz"
    },
    {
      "id": 10822493,
      "username": "tlinz",
      "name": "Torsten Linz"
    },
    {
      "id": 10060155,
      "username": "leducmills",
      "name": "Ben Leduc-Mills"
    },
    {
      "id": 10822493,
      "username": "tlinz",
      "name": "Torsten Linz"
    }
  ],
  "namespace_hierarchy": [
    {
      "id": 9970,
      "name": "GitLab.org",
      "path": "gitlab-org",
      "type": "Group"
    },
    {
      "id": 278964,
      "name": "GitLab",
      "path": "gitlab",
      "type": "Project",
      "project_namespace_id": 15846663
    }
  ]
}
